\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ligreto.texi
@settitle Ligreto User Manual 1.0
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for Ligreto (version 1.0), a lightweight reporting toolkit that can
produce reports from SQL queries, compare SQL query results between different SQL 
databases and transfer data between different SQL databases.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU
Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Ligreto Users Manual
@subtitle Lightweight Reporting Toolkit
@author Julius Stroffek

@c  The following two commands
@c  start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
     
This manual is not yet published.
@end titlepage
     
@c So the toc is printed at the start.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Ligreto User Manual
     
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex
     
@menu
Main Menu

* Overview::                        Brief overview of the toolkit.
* Installation::                    Ligreto installation steps.
* Configuration Files::             Description of configuration file definitions.
* Execution::                       Execution steps and possibilities.
* Troubleshooting (aka FAQ)::       Troubleshooting hints written as "Frequently
                                    Asked Questions".
* ligreto.dtd::                     Definition of configuration XML file structure. 
* Licenses::                        Detailed text of related licenses.
* Index::                           Complete index.
@end menu

@node Overview
@chapter Overview

Ligreto is the simple report generation toolkit written in Java that can produce reports in Excel format (or excel like).

@node Installation
@chapter Installation

@menu
Installation Instructions

* Windows Installation::     Installation steps for Windows based OS
* Linux/Unix Installation::  Installation steps for any Unix/Linux based OS.

@end menu

@node Windows Installation
@section Windows Installation

@node Linux/Unix Installation
@section Linux/Unix Installation

@node Configuration Files
@chapter Configuration Files

@section Connections

@section Reports

@subsection Query Result

@subsection Query Comparison (Join)

@section PTP (Preprocess-Transfer-Postprocess)

@node Execution
@chapter Execution

@node Troubleshooting (aka FAQ)
@chapter Troubleshooting (aka FAQ)

@heading Why am I getting CollationException exception?

@node ligreto.dtd
@appendix @code{ligreto.dtd}

@include ligreto.dtd.texi

@node Licenses
@appendix Licenses

@menu
Related Licenses

* GNU Free Documentation License::  The free documentation license.
* GNU General Public License::      The ligreto software license.
@end menu

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendixsec GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@node GNU General Public License
@appendixsec GNU General Public License
@include gpl-3.0.texi

@node Index
@unnumbered Index
     
@printindex cp

@bye

